---
layout: post
title: Here I Go...
date: 2018-04-20 13:13:07 -0500 
author: Michael Williams
---
# Preparing for another shot

So I am taking another shot at a developer position in the coming days. 
I have prepared better than last time. I have upped my game in SQL,
HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. I am not saying I am super awesome at all of them, 
nor am I a lost puppy at any. But the field has changed since I got my first certificate in web development.
And that I feel gives me an edge, understanding where the web has come from and not taking for granted how beautiful 
it has become. Nor the tools, the awesome community that has flourished, or the many other things that have came about since 
that last venture into my kick start into trying to learn the previous version.

## We Stand On the Hands Of Giants

>"If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulders of Giants" - Isacc Newton
Nothing says it best than that quote in technology. We use, share, expand, others ideas.
But taking another person's without giving anything to the table... thats sort of lacking and unsavory.
Standing on giants, we use API's, frameworks, libraries, so we do not have to build from scratch.
But with that spoken....How can you use a framework, a library, an anything of a language or something 
without knowing that language or syntax decently? 

### Nice To Have, But Do We Need Them?

I see these posts from people like _Quincy from FreeCodecamp_.
He says that certain things would be _nice_ to have but just are _not necessary in the development 
world_ to start _exposure_ in the **real world**. I am only so far on the fence with that. Yes, sometimes just knowing 
**'enough to be dangerous'** can be enough to get a foot in the door... But once your in, 
You better be ready to jet pack it. Did you work in the language, languages your using for a while? 
Or did you skip straight to a framework? So what if that **framework**, goes out fo style? or _you_
need to go under the hood and fix something or do some customization... "woah buddy.. why might I need to do that?"
You might ask..
1. Maybe you need a custom function, or utility.
2. something is going wrong.(Cough*Null Pointer*cough) something is null or undefined.
3. optimization, you got a bottleneck! and you need to figure out how to optimize.

## Why Stress This

If you ask me, why did I make a post of knowing your basics strongly.
Well, it is because when you go into a interview. They will test you on the basics.
Do you know not the bootstrap library shortcuts. But how to do things manually.
How to handle things with your basics and vanilla almost 90% of the time.
Why... because if you know the vanilla way **of course** you can handle the library way.

## Sign Off

Hope you all the best of luck out there.
And happy coding until next time.
Mikey havoc. 
