---
layout: post
title: About Me
author: Michael Williams
date: 2018-05-11 02:16:16 -0500
---
# Home Page Finally

I have thought about it and it i think it is long time due, I build my home page. Even though I do not have much to post on it. I feel I need to build it and lay it out. Something to call my own. Something to call my work in progress. 

## I am Not Just Programming

I have seen other home pages and they are all about coding, or about dreams to be developers. They forget their souls. This is not me. I am not all about the code. I think this is why I have not built one yet. I have been busy working on projects outside of programming alot, to place on mine. Not to say I am not a programmer first, but to say I can do more than just design web pages and learn things about web sites.

I love to draw, I love to listen to music and podcasts, I enjoy all these other things, and I lost that for a long time. So I took a break for a bit from programming and coding... to the point that I lost some of my coding prowess almost just so I could feel mosre alive on the outside world. 

## Mental health month of May 

It is mental Health Month of May, and I believe deeply we need to self reflect on our mental health. who we are, how we are doing, our insides. Take a look in the mirror, because if we are not doing okay on the inside we can not do well anywhere else. I felt I lost a part of myself and I took a break to catch part of myself back up.

## Back to the start

Now I am coming back to the starting line as to speak, not because I feel I am horrible. But because most internships, starting jobs want you to know the finer details more deeper than just how to use bootstrap after 4 days of coding. 

### We are Not just Tools

Knowing the make up of the finer details of web markup / css and javascript so when things break down. Those are what I believe set you apart when the things get rough. Being able to sketch up up a mock up, being able to take an image and create something from it into a full blown design with little help from a framework or library. These are the things I find interesting. Why? because hopw many people can do them? Starting from scratch is not always the best solution and not the wisest for full blown designs, but when you have some time and you are designing to learn what is the issue of knowing how to use the tools from the command line? how to use tools if things break down? how to do things old school? how to read documentation super freaking well.

This truly takes skill and makes you a stand out.
This is what gets you to seperate from the other people who are learning from day one how to use bootstrap to build everything and can not depend on their own hands to build anything.

why not give it a try?

